Init Lit Blockchain pages (#352)
LIT-Protocol/docs: docs/learn/overview/how-it-works/lit-blockchains/chronicle.md

Please refer to the [Migrating to Datil](../lit-networks/migrating-to-datil.md) guide if you need to migrate your application to Chronicle Yellowstone.
:::

Chronicle is Lit Protocol's custom EVM rollup testnet, which enhances the performance and scalability of our programmable decentralized threshold cryptography system.

<AddRollupButton />

## About Chronicle

Chronicle is a custom EVM rollup testnet based on the **OP Stack**, designed specifically for Lit Protocol. Anchored to the Polygon network, this rollup is the primary platform for:

- Coordination
- Minting and Managing [PKPs (Programmable Key Pairs)](../../../signing-data/pkps)
- Minting and Managing [Payment for usage of the network](../../../paying-for-lit/overview)

:::note
PKPs minted on Chronicle Yellowstone can still sign transactions on any chain supported by Lit, including EVM-compatible chains, Solana, and Bitcoin.
:::

## `tstLIT` Test Token

The `tstLIT` test token serves as the gas token for transactions on Chronicle. Please note that this is a test token with no real-world value, intended exclusively for testing and development on the Lit Protocol platform.

To obtain the `tstLIT` test token:

> - **Use the [Faucet](https://chronicle-yellowstone-faucet.getlit.dev/):** The `tstLIT` test token will be sent to your wallet address, allowing you to perform transactions on the rollup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Use the [Faucet](https://faucet.litprotocol.com/):** The `tstLIT` test token will be sent to your wallet address, allowing you to perform transactions on the rollup.
```
